README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# First capstone Project - A rock concert revival

> This project is about creating a website for the first capstone at Microverse.
> This website consists of a listing schedule of an hypothetical progressive rock concert

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Linters for html&css and js

## Website

Soon.

## Information

**Work In Progress**

**This project is for an exercise for the first capstone at microverse. This is a fictional concert, all bands and music are trademarks with their own license**

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@mullenlucas](https://github.com/mullenlucas)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-mullen-447312119/)

## 🤝 Contributing

 - Readme Template taken from [Microverse Readme Template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)
 - Linters for html&css taken from [Microverse Linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config)
 
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To all the collaborators for the Readme Template and the Linters
- The Microverse Team
- My coding-partners and fellow cohort members

## 📝 License

This project is not yet licensed.

Commit message:

add website link to readme.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# First capstone Project - A rock concert revival

> This project is about creating a website for the first capstone at Microverse.
> This website consists of a listing schedule of an hypothetical progressive rock concert

## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- Linters for html&css and js

## Website

Click [this link](https://mullenlucas.github.io/prog-rock-concert-sched) to access the resulting website

## Information

**Work In Progress**

**This project is for an exercise for the first capstone at microverse. This is a fictional concert, all bands and music are trademarks with their own license**

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@mullenlucas](https://github.com/mullenlucas)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-mullen-447312119/)

## 🤝 Contributing

 - Readme Template taken from [Microverse Readme Template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)
 - Linters for html&css taken from [Microverse Linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config)
 
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To all the collaborators for the Readme Template and the Linters
- The Microverse Team
- My coding-partners and fellow cohort members

## 📝 License

This project is not yet licensed.
